a white and red boat with people on it and trees.
a bus with graffitti written on the side if it .
the birds are flying over the sea in front of the ship.
a person holding a cellphone and sitting next to a group of other people.
a sandwich with fried food is wrapped in paper.
a young child reclines on a mattress with linens and toys.
a very simple entertainment center with a flatscreen tv.
some fingers sitting on a computer keyboard .
a man wearing a black vest and black glasses.
a woman in a black dress is looking at a laptop.
two pizzas sitting inside an oven with the light on. .
a man with a shaved head playing a video game on the nintendo wii.
a large and a small teddy bear at the teddy bear museum.
a slice of banana bread on a plate with a fork.
boys are playing a soccer game on a field.
the front of a store that has a large teddy bear in the window.
an adorable elephant walking through a grass covered forest.
a chair next to a table that has electronic items on it.
a woman jumping in air playing a game of tennis.
a table with food and a glass of red wine.
an umpire, a catcher and a batter are on a baseball field's home plate.
a small baby bear walks through some grass .
people in a crosswalk waiting for street car to pass by.
 cake with several slices removed and placed on two plates. .
bicyclists dressed in vintage attire sit on a city street with modern cars.
a bus with bicycles attached to the front passing through an intersection.
a skillet filled with meat and vegetables on the stove.
a bathroom scene complete with a cast iron style tub.
people digging through bags at a train station.
two women are talking while they cook in a kitchen.
a meal with 2 plates and a cup of coffee.
bicycles lined up on the side of the road.
a group of yello and white daffodils in a vase.
a cat has its head close to a computer keyboard.
two guys and one girl displaying a table full of pizza making toppings.
a beige cat is curled up asleep on a desk.
a cooked pizza sitting on a pizza pan .
a man taking off his pants in front of a park bench.
a man is having a good time playing frisbe.
a woman walking down the stairs with another trying to pick up a banana peel.
a veggie pizza is sitting on a white plate.
these two guys look like they're on a stage using computers.
a young man is eating on a street side walk.
a close up of cows on a field of grass with bushes near by.
a neatly made bed in the hotel room. .
an intersection has a nypd security camera sign on a post.
two birds sit on snow covered branches next to small, green fruits.
two people standing next to each other and holding snowboards.
a row of suitcases of various colors on a tile floor.
this kitchen has wooden ceilings and two tables.
a kid playing in the living room while the dad watches.
an elephant in captivity with trees in the background.
a small zebra stands next to a feeding station.
a group of people sitting closely together in a store.
a slice of chocolate cake is on a small plate.
someone smiling while skiing in their skis at a ski slope. .
a little girl brushing her teeth with a tooth brush.
man taking a photograph at a claw vending machine full of stuffed toys.
an elephant stands with its front feet in shallow water. .
a very large plane is flying through the sky.
the old man blows the candle while the woman is holding the cake.
a elephant with large tusks crossing a dirt road.
a street sign sits on a pole above a stop sign which is covered in stickers with a building in the background.
the traffic light has turned green for us to go. .
a fisherman is holding a parasol in a boat.
a partially eaten piece of pizza on tin foil.
two street signs up against an older building on a street.
a busy city street is lit up by vehicles and building lights.
a man on a snow board flying through the air .
a motorcycle parked in a dirt parking lot.
a man surfing a wave on his surf board.
a young girl running along a sandy beach while holding a kite.
a man with skis slides down a ramp with snow and ice.
two people select food from a buffet in a kitchen.
a partitioned tray holds several different lunch items.
the doors of the white city bus are open.
some traffic lights people buildings and cars .
a laptop computer that is on a desk.
there are bunches of colorful umbrellas at the beach.
the man is drinking at the table outside.
four people unloading and loading from a train.
a cow stands in the grassy area of a yard .
a toilet is shown with a basket and toilet paper.
a blue cake features a small island on top and sharks swimming on the bottom of the cake.
a couple of people that are laying on a couch.
a spotted horse eats something off the ground.
the stop sign is clearly visible for the world to see. .
a young boy holds a kite in a grassy park. .
a young woman sits at a table in front of two plates of pizza.
two girls are dressed cladly on a motorcycle.
a man driving a motorcycle down the road with a box tied to the back of it.
a man holding on the a parked bus talking to the driver.
a man in a baseball uniform standing on a mound of a field.
a rear view mirror with a large red truck visible in it.
two pieces of fruit sit on a plate on a table full of books.
a an demolished building with equipment left there.
a male in a black shirt and a refrigerator.
a large red detour sign by the road with city lights at night in background.
young striped zebra looks out among it's herd.
a woman standing over a pot holding a plate of food.